I pray for my brothers and sisters every day
because I know Jehovah
is the Hearer of prayer.
Ever since our baptism,
we as a family
were fully engaged in Christian activities.
It was a busy yet fulfilling life.
I really loved preaching.
I enjoyed conducting Bible studies
and talking to others about the truth.
At one point,
I was the only elder in the congregation.
I tried to make
shepherding calls on everyone,
but I just did not have the time,
so I developed the habit
of praying for them
many times during the day.
I would mention them individually by name.
I wanted Jehovah to protect
his precious sheep from Satan’s attacks.
Some time later,
my wife fell seriously ill.
After being hospitalized for a while,
I decided to take care of her at home.
I needed to step down from pioneering.
Kuniko served Jehovah faithfully
until her death.
After a while, I became sick as well.
One morning,
I felt especially bad and couldn’t move.
Fortunately, I managed to survive somehow,
but now I’m confined to a wheelchair.
I can no longer walk
in the ministry as I used to
or handle congregation responsibilities.
I need help
to change clothes and take a shower.
I get really depressed
when I think of the times
when I was able to move around freely.
But Jehovah
never forgets the love we’ve shown.
He is pleased to see us doing our very best
in whatever circumstances we are in.
I am limited in what I can do,
but I can still pray.
In my prayers,
I mention
the names of those in my congregation
and my personal friends.
I make a list of their names
so as not to forget anyone.
Through jw.org®,
I read about the brothers
in Russia being arrested
and the situation in Eritrea,
so I make sure to include them in my prayers.
The Governing Body and its helpers
and those in full-time service
also need Jehovah’s support.
Jehovah is without a doubt
the Hearer of prayer.
When I was the only elder in the congregation
and when my wife was sick in bed,
he listened to my prayers.
So I am confident
that the prayers that I offer
will help my fellow friends.
Now I do what I can in service,
such as witnessing to caregivers.
When I meet those
whom I have not seen for a long time
and tell them “I’ve been praying for you,”
they often tell me
how it has really helped them.
Some even shed tears out of gratitude.
I feel happy too.
Although I’m getting
physically weaker every day,
my prayers are becoming
more and more meaningful.
I want to cherish
this precious gift of prayer
that Jehovah has given us
as long as I live.